Update deployment-install-os.md (#3200)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/hci/deploy/deployment-install-os.md

1. (Optional) At this point, you can enable Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) and then RDP to each server rather than use the virtual console. This action should simplify performing the remainder of the configuration.

> 1. (Optional) Change the Computer Name as desired. This will be the name shown in the Azure Portal as well as your AD environment once joined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Change the Computer Name as desired. This will be the name shown in the Azure portal as well as your Active Directory environment once joined.
```
